Add OpenAI Answer Generator API (#3050)
deepset-ai/haystack: docs/_src/api/api/generator.md

Generated answers

<a id="openai"></a>

# Module openai

<a id="openai.OpenAIAnswerGenerator"></a>

## OpenAIAnswerGenerator

```python
class OpenAIAnswerGenerator(BaseGenerator)
```

> Uses the GPT-3 models from the OpenAI API to generate Answers based on supplied Documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses the GPT-3 models from the OpenAI API to generate Answers based on the Documents it receives.
```

> These can come from a Retriever or be manually supplied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Documents can come from a Retriever or you can supply them manually.
```

on the [OpenAI API website](https://openai.com/api/)).

<a id="openai.OpenAIAnswerGenerator.__init__"></a>

#### OpenAIAnswerGenerator.\_\_init\_\_

```python
def __init__(api_key: str, model: str = "text-curie-001", max_tokens: int = 7, top_k: int = 5, temperature: int = 0, presence_penalty: float = -2.0, frequency_penalty: float = -2.0, examples_context: Optional[str] = None, examples: Optional[List] = None, stop_words: Optional[List] = None, progress_bar: bool = True)
```

**Arguments**:

- `api_key`: Your API key from OpenAI. It is required for this node to work.
- `model`: ID of the engine to use for generating the answer. You can select one of `"text-ada-001"`,
`"text-babbage-001"`, `"text-curie-001"`, or `"text-davinci-002"`
(from worst to best and from cheapest to most expensive). For more information about the models,
refer to the [OpenAI Documentation](https://beta.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-3).
- `max_tokens`: The maximum number of tokens allowed for the generated Answer.
- `top_k`: Number of generated Answers.
- `temperature`: What sampling temperature to use. Higher values mean the model will take more risks and

> value 0 (argmax sampling) works better for scenarios with a well-defined answer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value 0 (argmax sampling) works better for scenarios with a well-defined Answer.
```

- `presence_penalty`: Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they have already appeared
in the text. This increases the model's likelihood to talk about new topics.
- `frequency_penalty`: Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing
frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model's likelihood to repeat the same line
verbatim.
- `examples_context`: A text snippet containing the contextual information used to generate the Answers for
the examples you provide.
If not supplied, the default from OpenAPI docs is used:
"In 2017, U.S. life expectancy was 78.6 years."

> - `examples`: List of (question, answer) pairs that will help steer the model towards the tone and answer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `examples`: List of (question, answer) pairs that helps steer the model towards the tone and answer
```

format you'd like. We recommend adding 2 to 3 examples.
If not supplied, the default from OpenAPI docs is used:
[["What is human life expectancy in the United States?", "78 years."]]

> - `stop_words`: Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens. The returned text will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `stop_words`: Up to 4 sequences where the API stops generating further tokens. The returned text 
```

> not contain the stop sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
does not contain the stop sequence.
```

> If not supplied, the default from OpenAPI docs is used: ["\n", "<|endoftext|>"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't provide it, the default from OpenAPI docs is used: ["\n", "<|endoftext|>"]
```

<a id="openai.OpenAIAnswerGenerator.predict"></a>

#### OpenAIAnswerGenerator.predict

```python
def predict(query: str, documents: List[Document], top_k: Optional[int] = None)
```

> Use loaded QA model to generate Answers for a query based on the supplied list of Documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the loaded QA model to generate Answers for a query based on the supplied list of Documents.
```

Returns dictionaries containing Answers.
Note that OpenAI doesn't return scores for those Answers.

Example:
 ```python
    |{
    |    'query': 'Who is the father of Arya Stark?',
    |    'answers':[Answer(
    |                 'answer': 'Eddard,',
    |                 'score': None,
    |                 ),...
    |              ]
    |}
 ```

**Arguments**:

> - `query`: Query string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `query`: The query you want to ask. It's a string.
```

> - `documents`: List of Documents in which to search for the answer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `documents`: List of Documents in which to search for the Answer.
```

> - `top_k`: The maximum number of Answers to return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `top_k`: The maximum number of Answers to return.
```

**Returns**:

> Dictionary containing query and Answers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dictionary containing query and Answers.
```
